Life was simple—I remember.
I am Jeson, and I am deaf.
Growing up with this disability was hard.
When I was younger,
I saw people laughing
and families showing affection.
I just walked around the neighborhood
and observed what was going on around me.
I saw them walking and talking
and wondered what that was all about.
Everything was a mystery to me.
But one day was a little different.
I saw children my age having fun,
and they wanted me to play with them.
I said to myself: ‘Me?
I can’t believe
they actually want me to be with them.’
For once I felt welcomed,
and that was how we became
the best of friends.
Time went by so fast.
We grew up spending time
and discovering new things together.
I was having so much fun with their company
that even questionable acts
seemed right to me.
I learned how to smoke.
They taught me how to drink alcohol
to my heart’s content.
It felt like it was
the best time of our lives.
I thought everything we did
was how things were actually supposed to be.
One day in a deaf search in our area,
the Witnesses found me.
I was hesitant at first,
but they were very kind and friendly.
They educated me;
they even taught me how to sign my name.
Eventually, I studied the Bible with them.
I learned different truths from the Bible
and finally came to know Jehovah,
“the only true God.”
I learned the things Jehovah liked
and disapproved of.
Our Bible study moved me
to reexamine the life I lived.
I realized that what I did before
wasn’t pleasing to Jehovah.
My love for Jehovah grew deeper,
and I knew exactly what I wanted to do.
I started to attend Christian meetings,
and I met new friends in the congregation.
The Bible changed my life.
I gave my all to Jehovah and decided
to dedicate myself to him.
It brought me nothing but real happiness.
Now I’m in full-time service
and eagerly declaring the good news.
I was appointed
to serve as a ministerial servant
in our congregation,
and I was called to volunteer at Bethel too.
I wouldn’t have felt
genuine happiness in accomplishing
these spiritual assignments
if I wasn’t in Jehovah’s organization.
To all the deaf ones out there
that haven’t had the chance
to know Jehovah yet,
I hope and encourage you
to study the Bible with the Witnesses too.
Look at me.
Before, I wasn’t able to read and write.
I realize that even if we can’t hear,
we can still have a relationship
with the only true God.
I hope you find
the same love and joy as I did
under Jehovah’s loving hands.
Jehovah has helped me,
and for that I will always thank and love him
with all my heart.